1. **Explain what the Blockchain is in your own words.** - Blockchain is a series of nodes that contain data. This data is stored in what they call Blocks with unique hashing algorithms. These Blocks are distributed across many different computers to create a peer-to-peer network. Some people refer to the system as a General Ledger System. As a General Ledger system, each block that is committed can not be changed and can be traced back in time, making the Blockchain a deterministic system where you will get the same outcome regardless of how far back you go to rebuild a transaction.
2. **Explain what a Smart Contract is.** - A Smart Contract is a way to execute a set of digitized rules. Smart Contract code is explicitly run for that Blockchain. In the case of Flow, a language called Candance is used to execute this code. A smart contract can store the state of variables and functions executed through conditional logic. In addition, Smart Contracts enforce rules throughout the contract's life and can not be updated easily once deployed to the Blockchains production environment. 
3. **Explain the difference between a script and a transaction.** - Scripts and Transaction is Flow specific terminology. Like most Blockchains, you are charged to access the compute you use to run a function. When using Scripts, you can read from the Blockchain but can not make any updates. This call is free on Flow. Transactions are the opposite; all you read and modify is a transaction on the Blockchain. You will be charged to execute against the Smart Contract when running a transaction. 
